Add average run time (#130)
exercism/docs: building/tracks/config-json.md

  - `example`: example implementation file(s) pattern (optional
  - `exemplar`: exemplar implementation file(s) pattern (optional)
  - `editor`: additional read-only editor file(s) patterns (optional)
- `test_runner`: an object describing the track's test runner (if any): (required if `status.test_runner` is `true`)

>   - `average_run_time`: a `float` value for the number of seconds the test runner takes on average to run, rounded to one decimal point precision (e.g. `1.8`) (required if `status.test_runner` is `true`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `average_run_time`: a `number` value for the number of seconds the test runner takes on average to run, rounded to one decimal point precision (e.g. `1.8`) (required if `status.test_runner` is `true`)
```

I don't think JSON has "float" as a concept? Ignore this if I'm wrong.

>   - `average_run_time`: a `float` value for the number of seconds the test runner takes on average to run, rounded to one decimal point precision (e.g. `1.8`) (required if `status.test_runner` is `true`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `average_run_time`: a `float` value for the number of seconds the test runner takes on average to run, rounded to one decimal point precision (e.g. `1.8`) (required if `status.test_runner` is not `null`)
```

Author: That field is never `null`, as `configlet` requires it to be a boolean.
